because while you ready to go inside why
are you I'm not can you just take her
off please trust me
dad it's not a bad idea why you got stop
being so weird
[Music]
right what is happening dad I've got
tiny today what what training
what are you to Luca Luca where have you
gone
oh hey mate how was your training Luca
Luca Luca why are you not responding I
literally have no it what yeah of course
they are sorry dad
got a flight
[Music]
Chucky Chucky look right to you I
smashed it in a good way
that's my shaking oh yeah Stage one
that's that stage one say my breaking it
stage two is clicking up space 3ch is
for anywhere than two of the three
stages of 70 66 percent sixty six point
six years in time good morning and
welcome to another video and you've not
already giving this one I like Kenny go
and do it now please so that's PI on
intro doesn't deserve a like I literally
don't know what does so could be you
guys have a spider-man do you think
everyone should give the video life
because of that if people don't give the
video like what are you gonna do playing
this is a really sick video right what's
gonna be yeah the intro is really good
if someone doesn't give the video life
that's bad isn't it
what would you do to them if they didn't
if they didn't give the video like what
would you do to them kisses okay you
haven't quite got that as much threat
game down alright today's video is gonna
be pretty bad I would imagine the plan
is I'm gonna week only recommend I'm
gonna wait only recommended serving
sizes for the whole day right but we've
had we had a loose idea say we said
suggested that loose loosely doing
something along those lines then in the
last video I did I got like so many
suggestions to do this video one comment
in particular gazillion likes um so I
figured you know what let's friggin do
it so
yeah literally the biggest number now to
do this I'm gonna need those bad boys
look a lot of these what's not cool
scales yeah yeah I mean how do I do
certain things but what have suggested
serving with it okay we'll just I'll try
and like make such one fine foods that I
can get a recommended serving size
cereal was a pretty classic example of
that I'm quite beep and like I have a
fast metabolism right so I eat lots of
food so I imagine the right Luca may my
abuser scalars please like the
recommended serving sizes are in my
experience ridiculously small up designs
for seven-year-old children just crack
on yeah breakfast of choice today
crunchy nut cornflakes or all these like
peasant version of that recommended
serving size forty grams you read that
this is like 40 grams per serving so I
mean crucial that's a small amount and
you joking are you joking
right sorry
that is ridiculous it's easy
alright that's honestly that is how much
probably given you come on man this is
my screen ever but just to give you a an
idea or give you some like context right
say spider-man costume we can want to
spider Mindy well I'm gonna pour out a
bowl that I would normally have right
that's not even like a big one if I was
just on a regular day that's like my
normal bot right my normal bowl
recommended serving size that's
ridiculous
I reckon that's about watch Oh 110 in
the ground so we're talking like quick
maths
just over a third because they were 1/3
of my usual whorfin size be kidding me
what about milk do I see milk as well do
I do I was trying to locate the
recommended serving size for milk are
you drinking today
125 milliliters of milk I'm no milk
measurer but I know that it's not very
much for too much 135 125 okay I was
getting ready to laugh at it but
actually like that is an adequate amount
of milk for that matter cereal the issue
is the cereal right it's like me saying
me going to a shoe shop and then may
like here you go sir here are some size
3 trainers and I'm like that's
ridiculously small but I look down and I
have size 3 feet it would be fine you
know but actually it's still reasonable
oh by the way if you're new to the
channel you haven't already go and
subscribe right now Luca can you say to
everyone pointing the camera and say
subscribe now really yeah you hadn't
forty grams of cereal yes it's only give
me that no it's not absolutely it's not
fine over not fine it's not I'm gonna
count them spoons three four five six
seven that's too little amount to get on
a spoon is to just like you know when
you just drink the drink right seven
spoons you feel better
that's just seven spoons of cereal for
my breakfast that is not enough is that
that's my summary breakfast not enough
protein how do I do protein there's an
even recommended
recommend excellent size for protein 30
grams that's fine that's literally why I
have so 30 grams isn't it I'm not doing
recommended serving sizes of water that
would be ridiculous
why would I forget hello is that not the
sickest thing you've ever seen coming to
a supermarket near you very soon it's
not just that just put my name on her
back but it's pretty sick right if you
wanna know my surname is more chilly I
think people think that's a lot Matt
Morton they're like who is that my
surname isn't does fitness yeah I mean
you can't buy this but you can just buy
sick protein and supplements if you want
to pick anything up on my protein link
at the top of my description don't use
it we automatically become best friends
you get low that's number one you get
loads of cheap supplements number two
use my code Matt 35 to 35 percent off
you're welcome yeah just flip through
you literally can't afford not to
okay we're done I'm gonna go and sit
down because I'm so pull off my mammoth
breakfast and then I'll catch up with
you in i've got updates what's happening
status update hungry hunger is high
currently I'm going to go and train I
need to eat some before I trains where
and just pass out in the gym I figured
I'm gonna have a banana
first up now serving sizes for a banana
as far as I'm concerned our banana like
someone's gonna comment and say a
serving size is like 2/3 of a banana go
away look I'm not accepting that and
then got some chocolate raisins the
serving size of which is 25 grams hope
you can read that how exciting about six
chocolate raisins just gonna try and
think like that's nothing to things for
no firstly no it's not very much
secondly it turns out they're chocolate
peanuts Norah Hume okay banana
why am I even holding what am i doing
I'm still hungry
cool see you at the gym made it to my
gym and for those who say I say Matt
this is not your gym you're lying to us
I'm not lying it's like a weird function
I never
we use but it is believe it or not in my
gym stop being so frigging skip school
yeah anyway today so just gonna be a
quick moment it's quite substantial I
need to get a push workout and a poor
worker in because yesterday I couldn't
train so it's gonna be like up
essentially like a full body workout so
without further ado let's make Aven
[Music]
[Applause]
training is done it was sick which is
weird because I've eaten about three
calories today but speaking of sick
things you know else is sick my training
and diet plans top link in the
description you want to get like a feel
like your trainers gone a bit like
stairwell you just want to get like
shredded or get strong or build some
muscle or just like lose a bit of fat
and get in better shape I'm telling you
right now my training plans are free and
sick everyone is fully customized
everyone comes with a fully customized
diet plan yeah top link in the
description sign up join Team mdf I'm
guaranteeing you right now you will not
regret it
anyway I'm incredibly hungry it's lunch
time let's go home and get a
ridiculously small child sized lunch you
join me live at Sainsbury's okay the
home off foods and stuff I'm hungry
let's go and pick up some bits yeah
and before you say Matt are you a
lunatic leaving 1,500 pounds of camera
equipment on your car in the car park
outside Sainsbury's now I didn't do that
wide it was put the camera here left my
bag behind a car over there walk to the
car
pick up the bag came back it's all a
freakin loser sorry to shatter your
YouTube interpretation / conceptions who
I'm saying I'm really hungry
let's eat dear why I acquired the
following items not alive and quite
excited in terms of what content not
sure about the quantities chicken and
bacon pasta sick am i right waka
sensations Thai sweet chili Chris aka
one of the best crisps around jelly
babies I'm probably going to juice
because I watched a program of monkeys
last night and they'll eat and loads of
pomegranates and its really cute also
quick disclaimer if you see like a bit
of that action I apologize but I'm
wearing a tank it's kind of like comes
with the territory you know now I
imagine you're wondering Matt how are
you going to measure out serving sizes
in your car with no implements do you
take me for some kind of amateur that's
right
I've got bowls a fork a cup and we're
scale who's laughing now okay I need to
try and create some kind of solid
surface right because otherwise the
scales won't work my leg does that count
are you friggin kidding me I did not
look at this at the time in retrospect
that was a mistake
but look at this pot right compared
somewhat to placing my hand it's quite
big amount a light a lot fairly heavy
but like I wouldn't I would eat this
right no hesitation I would eat this six
servings are you freakin joking six
servings serve six people six tiny
people with no stomachs okay point is
500 grams / 683 grams
what a joke just to prove it to you
right can't achieve the angle to show
you the numbers on the screen but that's
83 grams are you ready for this what is
that it's literally about six bits of
pasta I cannot believe that as a real
thing that must be a joke
sure that's a mistake surely someone in
packaging Department is made a mistake
there if that's real but that's a real
thing then the human race in brackets
anyone that shop designs is gonna be
stinked in like 20 years because that is
surely grossly under eating anyway let's
eat my four bits of pasta tastes nice
but I'm already a fan of cold pasta sick
like my stomach hasn't even acknowledged
receive mini food yet right now my
stomach's like where's the food
if you eaten the food yet is the food
coming at some point soon okay next up
the crisps a big pack we'd love to smash
these again ordinarily I'll eat your
packet very easily serving size 30 grams
I mean Chris for quite like large who
doesn't look that bad I guess but still
you look like a couple of handfuls there
it's done it was still tiny but like I
felt like more mass than the pastor the
pastor was literally a joke if you want
to make if you want to appreciate the
amount of food you eat on a regular
basis by one nice person pastor Potts
eat one serving and it'll make
everything else in your life seem
absolutely enormous now then about you
but eating crisps makes me thirsty no
problem
got a drink oh wait / 150 milliliter
serving such a weird a normal can
parsley gonna be like why is there a man
with bowls and forks on his dashboard
I've put in slight up in a hundred and
fifty four milliliters right but in fact
slightly too much what is that is that a
joke cannot believe that as a themes the
amount that like a two-year-old
dehydrated slug would drink
never mind though right dessert it's a
wasted earth jelly babies everyone loves
jelly babies oh wait / for sweets or
sweets why am i bringing diabetic mouse
let's make these for sweets count though
right to black to red okay the best
flavors disagree and you're wrong sick
meal done I'm so full
that's a joke I'm the opposite before I
like I genuinely reckon I'm more hungry
now than before I started my lunch like
eating that measly amount of food it's
just like stimulated my my hunger I'm
now
very very hungry this is not ideal okay
I'm gonna see in the car with this food
news for this work for myself and then
catch all bees right yeah so try to give
the impression I'd just fallen from the
sky you know it didn't work okay um I am
very hungry fortunately being very
business I've been distracted from my
hunger it's now starting to dawn on me
how hungry I am and the teller is nice
I'm just gonna eat it right a serving of
Nutella per portion 15 grams right so 15
grams is one serving I'm going to use
the like reverse method as if that's 21
grams already 15 grams whew nobody
thinking math the only it all at once
and don't do the reverse will be more
satisfying than my entire lunch combined
anyway
there's an Agora out there gonna be
about any minute never don't see them
coming down the road so when they get
here I will grab you hey bro yeah you
give what having a good day
do you know what I'm doing today what am
i doing he is playing I'm actually
filming a video where I eat an only
recommended recommended serving sizes
yeah it's a good idea what why is it
it's not as a bad idea
I'm really hungry so need jump away
pretty good pretty good okay um so the
lads okay stairs and understand the way
the okay says the lucra back says it's
currently kicking off doesn't make sense
in the kitchen he's prepping for dinner
look at this absolute monster that's a
lot of current it's incredible but it's
kind of like annoying in the sense that
there's like you're like you're mocking
me making the biggest meal puzzle that
iconi
so when that is good to go we'll make
some like curry accessories and then
yeah eat it we are good to go
food is ready Luke are you ready oh good
not here right it sounds this you know
whoa you've already gone for the right
my surfing sighs do them right okay so
first up rice we've got a patent because
like cooking rice takes six hours on
time that 125 grams 125 grams
incoming my trusty scales either use
these scales more today than in their
entire existence any time now begin and
I'm trying to measure this out well what
you supposed to be 25 you just part of
your fingers all in it 125 boy in their
life not ideal Penang chicken curry
crease it's a Thai one now I had to do
some research here now looking on stuff
like my fitness power and different
websites that offer calorie Laden
nutrition information a serving size for
a curry was averaging between 180 and
200 grams so I'm going to take the
number in the middle and go for 119 no
cos an object stick for being on why are
you poking your spoon when it says 190
can you say stop there's a nine but
that's not you to me funny kid remember
that you know I reckon is actually gonna
be quite decent 87 it doesn't it's not
bad is it
that's like your do you know what I
reckon you eat recommended serving sizes
on makes who's eating says is nice
in terms of quantity not in terms of
content so there is my dinner 90 grams
of a chicken curry 125 grams of rice I
felt like a peasant why I've been raised
video down here usually involve talking
like in Lucas and cheese okay I'm done
Luca is it your bedtime soon yes
it's not gonna put link it to bed and
then sing for the grand finale Luke was
in bed I'm not sure I feel like a
homeless man but dessert
takes priority over cleanliness isn't
that right says isn't that our motto
okay so I'm having chocolate fruit
enough all these chocolate and then
chocolate milk also already I should get
a friggin all these mate if you're
watching all LD you watching this give
me a contract right now one serving of
milk 200 milliliters worse because it is
a tiny amount of co2 says when you drink
a tiny bit of that please but I'm
literally 2 milliliters then tiny that's
- gonna be too much I bet that's too
much 193 well he drank 11 milliliters
money
I mean this is compelling compelling
viewing right now my engagements gone
from 95% attempts in the last days this
video 200 boom tiny tiny balls that's
why I'm an absolute monster me how much
you deadlift smaller stuff then it looks
like more and you can trick your brain
to think you mean so after you said I
stopped listening a few cents 7 servings
that's a lie to be fair that is like I
guess like a penguin or like rocky or
any of those little like chocolate bars
you'd get but that's not I mean that's
not another quick dessert let's be
honest okay dessert dumb and food for
the day done about 400 calories I reckon
and you say Stuart have been ok Matt the
carry for an average person that's why I
like law remember the recommended
serving sizes are fall out the average
person why my metabolism is very high
plus I'm like a bigger than average guy
right so this video sucked I hate my
life um we're now gonna relax and watch
Hannah eh a double in a on their Netflix
and Amazon Prime yeah you haven't seen
it make how much now it's free and sick
but yeah I'm gonna one the video up here
guys because I'm bored of making it and
it sucks being out of not doing a great
job I think have enjoyed it give the
video a thumbs up if you are new
subscribe if you don't work in my face
if you don't want to miss a new video
than enable notifications press the
little bell button and I will see you
says what is wrong with you
you're ruining my outro
tomorrow
[Music]
[Applause]